docs: update the Output Files Guide page in the Sphinx documentation (#281)
oracle-samples/macaron: docs/source/pages/output_files.rst

Output Files Guide
==================

.. note:: Please see :ref:`pages/cli_usage/index:common options` for the instructions on how to set the output directory of Macaron.

-------------------
Top level structure
-------------------

.. code-block::

    output/
        ├── .gradle/
        ├── .m2/
        ├── build_log/
        ├── git_repos/
        ├── reports/
        ├── debug.log
        ├── macaron.db
        └── sbom_debug.json

-------
Reports
-------

The report files of Macaron (from using the :ref:`analyze action <analyze-action-cli>`) are generated into the ``reports`` directory.

.. code-block::

    output/
    └── reports/
        └── ...

''''''''''''''''''
Unique result path
''''''''''''''''''

> Macaron creates a different directory under ``reports`` to store the report files for each target repository. This directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each target repository, Macaron creates a directory under ``reports`` to store the report files. This directory
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/oracle-samples/macaron/pull/281/commits/cacf960a62fb0430209e64eb22e21125a4a57760

path is formed from the git host name (e.g ``github.com``), the owner and the name of that
repository. The final path is created using the following template:

.. code-block::

    <path_to_output>/reports/<git_service_name>/<owner>/<repo_name>

.. note:: The git host name has all occurrence of ``.`` in the URL replaced by ``_``.

> For example, when analyze the repository at `<https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-core>`_, Macaron will store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the reports for  `<https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-core>`_ repository will be stored under
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/oracle-samples/macaron/pull/281/commits/cacf960a62fb0430209e64eb22e21125a4a57760

the report files into ``<path_to_output>/reports/github_com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-core``.

''''''''''''
Report types
''''''''''''

> There are currently three types of report that Macaron creates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Macaron creates three types of reports:
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/oracle-samples/macaron/pull/281/commits/cacf960a62fb0430209e64eb22e21125a4a57760
